10-2-2023

Today I worked on the next js api route for my login modal. Ideally, once the
登入 button is clicked, axios sends a POST request to api route ./api/login.js,
which destructures the request object then queries the mongodb database to check
if a username is already taken. If not, insertOne().

However, I've been getting 'buffering timed out after 10000ms' error. After some
research I found out that my api route is not even connected to the db. The 
mongoose adapter in ./lib/mongoose.js works fine, as shown by printing `mongoose.connection.readyState` inside dbConnect() returns 1, but
inside returning 1.

The dbConnect() is taken from https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-mongodb-mongoose/lib/dbConnect.js


14-2-2023

I'm now in Shanghai. After a few days of settling down and securing internet, I finally regained stable, proper internet
access. I spent yesterday fixing some issues with git, touring Shanghai, and getting my project to run. 

I will begin work on fixing aforementioned problems. By the way, the food here is really really good.

15-2-2023

I noticed that .create() begins to return buffering timed out if there is no collection. dbConnect() does not return a
valid promise so I gave up on maintaining global connection, for now.

I fixed the buffering problem, after an entire day of excruciating debugging where I read through almost all SO
threads. I sovled it by go through the docs again, noticing how the doc declares a model before querying. I decided instead 
of importing a declared model, I import a schema and declare right after mongoose.connect(). This worked.

18-2-2023

I integrated MongoDB to check if a user exists, if not, automatically switches to signup form and displays a red warning
message telling user so. I also implemented a small reveal password button to refamiliarize myself with useState since
I've been working on the backend for the past week.

Today's agenda includes comparing NextAuth and Iron Session, as well as packing and flying back Hong Kong.

Teaching myself backend and trying to apply to my project at the same time is slow and tiring but progress is
occuring.

19-2-2023

